{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22000}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang9 Services\par
Coaching and training sessions\b0 : Benefit from Quincy's wealth of experience in voice, having worked alongside Cheryl Porter. Davies also holds a music degree and offers extensive expertise. Your talent is well-cared for in our hands.\par
\b Exclusive collaboration and outsourcing opportunities: \b0 Enhance your music with our established music training programs, complemented by our studio's expert recording and production services.\par
\b Sound system and instruments:  \b0 We have instruments for crusades, large-scale and small-scale events.  Reinforce your events as we support you with musicians/band /sound & musical Instruments.\par
\b Quincy's Coner: \b0 Seek professional guidance and support through Quincy\rquote s Coner our counseling services. Quincy Bell is a certified psychotherapist and she is available for sessions if you are dealing with grief or mental health concerns. \par
\b CHRISTMAS MOMENTS WITH QUINCY DAVIES AND THE GOSPELLIER\par
\b0 The Christmas Moment is a special occasion that takes place during the holiday season. Reserve our Christmas Moment with Quincy Bell & Davies Gospellier for your end-of-year events, including company parties, Christmas church celebrations, and Easter festival seasons.\par
\b Click this to contact us for more inquiries on these services:( If they click this it should take them to a place where they can put their contact information, the service, or whatever they want to inquire about and their message) \par
\par
Special Programs and Upcoming Events\par
UNIVERSITY OF MARRIAGE\par
\b0 The University of Marriage is a non-profit marriage school part of Quincy Davies Ministries. It offers programs such as The Third Option to strengthen marriages and families, focusing on practical skills and inner growth. The volunteers follow a ministry philosophy based on Ephesians 4:12, being spiritually gifted, humble, and dedicated to personal development.\par
\b LOVE LETTERS\par
\b0 Love letters is a part of the University of Marriage, providing prompt solutions for marital challenges. This program runs from August to December.\par
\b THE ASSIDUOUS WOMAN INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE\par
\b0 The Assiduous Woman (TAW) Int is a divine vision that highlights women's role as helpers and contributors in society as intended by God. We aim to empower women and make history together. \par
\b Read more:  The Assiduous Woman (TAW) International\par
Vision:\par
\b0 TAW aims to bring the love of God to people by reviving dead dreams, talents, and potentials.\par
\b\par
Mission:\par
\b0 Our mission is to empower, equip, and lead women who feel downcast and desolate. We guide them out of emotional, mental, and spiritual strongholds, helping them discover their God-given abilities, purposes, and full potential. Our goal is to bring sustainability and wholeness to their daily lives.\par
\b\par
Key Goals:\par
\b0 1. Effective Knowledge: We provide teachings and coaching to supply practical knowledge.\par
2. Talent Platforms: TAW creates platforms for talents and skills to manifest, unearthing lost and abandoned gifts.\par
3. Identity Discovery: We help women discover their authentic selves, propelling them into their unique assignments.\par
4. Mentorship and Counseling: Through one-on-one psychotherapeutic mentorship, we restore emotional balance and guide individuals to identify their purpose.\par
\b\par
Context:\par
\b0 In our cities, nations, and churches, there are many talented and potential women. However, life's trials and hardships, especially in the Western world, often lead to lost desires and unclear purposes. TAW believes that identifying one's purpose brings fulfillment and internal peace. Even with material comforts, a lack of purpose leaves humans feeling empty.\par
\b\par
The Divine Vision:\par
\b0 TAW is an end-time divine vision from God. It focuses on restoring God's original intentions for women, emphasizing their right assignments. Just as the Holy Spirit is our helper, women play a crucial role in guiding and building a sustainable society. The devil strategically targets women, but TAW encourages everyone to join this movement and make history together.\par
\par
\b Vision Carrier:\par
\b0\i Prophetess Quincy Bell\par
\b\i0 STREET WORSHIP, EVANGELISM, AND WORSHIP NIGHT\b0\i\par
\i0 Jesus didn't confine his presence to the synagogue; his kindness extended everywhere. Street worship serves as a platform where we can honor him openly and spread his message far and wide. \par
\b Our Weekly Programs:\b0\par
Every Thursday; 8 pm -10 pm on our YouTube channel and Facebook page\b\par
\b0 We have live broadcasts every week, and it is divided into two parts held across the first half of the year and the second half of the year. \par
The Assiduous Woman Diary: February to June\par
Love letters: August to December\par
\b THE WORSHIPPER'S BLUEPRINT\par
\b0 This annual mentorship and workshop for worshippers and musicians aims to enhance not only their skills but also their ethics, character, and composure. The just concluded one was a massive success\b . Click here to see pictures from the meeting:\b0  \b (Take them to the Gallery section where these pictures are.) \par
\ul ENDORSEMENTS AND REVIEWS(IT'S GOING TO BE A BUTTON IN THE HOME PAGE ) \par
\ulnone\i (Make provision for where their pictures will be)\i0\par
Pastor Jenne &\~Evelien\~Hummel\par
The House of the Living Water@ city of Dronten in Holland (The church on the Boat )\par
\b0 Pastor Dan and his wife prophetess Quincy are very talented in what they teach. Driven and passionate. They see gold in people. But above all, they do it from God's Spirit and love; beautiful\~people\b . \par
\par
Apostle Simon & Prophetess Faith Khan (End Time Harvester International Ministries, Belgium)\par
\b0 For a couple of years, we have known Pastor Davis and Prophetess Quincy, and we admire the special callings of God upon their lives. They are a couple with a clear vision, passion, an excellent spirit, charisma, and great zeal for the work of God. \par
\par
\b Prophets Donnefer and Angela (Kingdom Establishers, Almere Holland)\b0\par
Pastor Dan and prophetess Quince are a great blessing to the ministry. They are training and coaching the praise team with great passion and determination. We have seen the growth in the praise and worship team not only in technique but also spiritually. We thank God that the pastor and prophetess have the heart and mindset to help us build the kingdom together. We highly recommend them to\~any\~ministry.\par
\b\par
Edmund Sackey Brown ( Head Pastor - House of Solution Christ Church International, Muelhim an der\~Ruhr\~Germany)\par
\b0 Quincy Davis Ministry has been of a tremendous blessing and help to my wife and I and our entire ministry for several years. They have always provided us with the assistance we require whenever we call on them, with excellence and without hesitation. Minister Quincy\rquote s stage presence is captivating. Her natural ability and passion to engage the audience and make them feel connected to her song ministration, both In worship or during a gospel concert is superb, powerful, dynamic, and captivating! Minister Dan is such a humble man, yet a gifted, talented, dedicated musician who executes his duties with great passion and precision. He is sold out to God and what he does as a musician. He is a musician with a high sense of spirituality and a great desire for the word of God, which is quite rare to find in our current day Post modern musicians and gospel artists. I duly endorse their ministry without any reservation! \par
\par
\b Apostle Kelly and Prophetess Sherma Oriakhi of The FULL STATURE OF CHRIST CHURCH,  Worldwide, International (The Netherlands)\b0\par
We attest to the good works of Quincy Davies Ministries. God used Pastor Dan and Prophetess Quincy to equip and empower our Praise and Worship team. We gladly recommend them to individuals who want to learn to play instruments or empower their singing ministries and churches that want to empower their Praise and Worship team for next-level musical\~stewardship.\par
\par
\b Pastor Marvin Wojtkowiak (Gospel Zentrum Essen, Gospel Zentrum Essen)\par
\b0 The service of Quincy Davies Ministries has been a great enrichment for me, especially in the area of \u8203?\u8203?worship. I was able to experience both street evangelism and a few worship evenings with them and am thrilled by both their professional know-how as musicians and the spiritual depth with which they serve and thus become a blessing. I'm already looking forward to the next events with Pastor Dan and Qunicy!\par
\b\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 